Update investigating-a-service .md (#21815)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/investigating.md

  tags: ['service catalog']
---

> Clicking on a service opens a side panel with details including two main sections: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking a service opens a side panel with details in two main sections: 
```

## Service overview by views:

- **Ownership information** from the service definition such as links to team contacts, source code, and supplemental information like documentation and dashboards.
- **Reliability information** including deployment status, SLOs, ongoing incidents, and error information.
- **Performance graphs** showing requests, errors, latency, and time spent by downstream services.
- **Pre-production information** regarding your software delivery process, such as the average build duration and success rate of CI pipelines related to your service, along with static analysis results from CI.

> - **Costs information** showing the cloud spends for a service, broken down by resource types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Costs information** showing the cloud spend for a service, broken down by resource types.
```

> - **Security information** including known vulnerabilities exposed in the service's libraries, the timeline and type of attacks, identity of attackers, security threats impacting your services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security information** including known vulnerabilities exposed in the service's libraries, the timeline and type of attacks, identity of attackers, and security threats impacting your services.
```
